Modifications to the factor requirements modules and variables (#394)
magpiemodel/magpie: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### changed

> - **config** Update of regional and grid inputs from 4.68 to rev4.69, and additional files to 4.17. Removed free/dynamic sticky switch, and added scalars used in mixed_regional factor costs realization.

Reviewer: this comment is just meant as a reminder to update the additional data revision to the final version when PR is ready.

Reviewer 2: you mean to update it to the newest version that has been created in the meantime? or is this related to the confusion between 4.17 and 4.17a?

 - **modules** New dimension in `vm_carbon_stock` for different carbon stock types (actual, previousLandPattern, previousCarbonDensity)
 - **config** added option for CO2 emission pricing `cfg$gms$c56_carbon_stock_pricing`
 - **config** added cfg$gms$s70_past_mngmnt_factor_fix with default 2005 (previous default was 2010). The previous setting caused a strong spike in CO2 emissions from pasture expansion in SSA. With 2005, this can be avoided.
- **38_factor_costs** mixed_reg_feb17 realization added. This realization includes differences in productions costs between irrigated and rainfed crops, with the option of regional differentiation as well. perTonFAO realization added. This realization corresponds to the old sticky_feb18 free.

### removed

> - **38_factor_costs** mixed_feb17 and fixed_per_ton_mar18 realzations removed because they are not bein used at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **38_factor_costs** mixed_feb17 and fixed_per_ton_mar18 realizations removed because they are not being used at the moment.
```
